So we need to create another table one entity so that we can hold the settings in this case, hold the
measurement, I should say, of winter weather, his imperial or metric.
So let's go back to a project and inside of.
Our models here, I'm going to create yet another class cutting class that's going to be just a data
class.
Let's call this unit OK because it's going to be presenting a unit of measurement.
OK, so I'm going to make sure this is an entity, so same thing we did with favourite and table name.
Called Settings Tbo.
All right.
So I'm going to start by saying, I know or not novel should say no, no.
And this is going to be at the primary key as well, and I'm going to make Stacey that column in full
the name.
It's going to be unit.
So we're just going to have one column or one in this case, variable or Property Valley Unit.
It's going to just be a string.
Very simple.
Again, we could have done this using a simpler data structure that allows us to save pieces of data.
But because we are looking into a database and that's just fine, we can just use the database, right?
That's it.
Now, because we created this entity, a table.
You remember, we need to go back and get rid of all of this.
We need to go back to our database, a weather database.
Right.
Because remember, this is the skeleton that's created for our database, and we need to add that class
or rather that entity, right?
Which is a class, of course.
So I'm going to say unity or unity.
Make sure again, this is another thing about naming make sure that we get our unit, not the coddling
unit.
This is our model class unit.
OK.
And make sure that's a class like this.
Now, before we do anything else, what's going to happen because we've changed the skeleton structure
of our database room extension here?
We will have to change a few things.
While one thing really, we're going to change the version that way when this database, because we'll
have to recompiled and recreate it in the background.
We are going to override everything and create this unit class along the way as well.
So changed us to a higher number than we had before.
If you had five, then change that to six.
OK.
Very good.
So now that we have this table unit table that we created here, entity, we need to go do the same
thing we did with our favorite, which is we need to create.
We need to add into our Dow and into our repository.
OK, let's go back to.
And here we created all of these right crud operations and so forth for our favorites, so now I'm going
to create the same thing for our unit table per se.
So it's going to be pretty much the same.
I accept a few changes there.
So let's copy this, and I'm going to do just a few that we're going to be using because the concept
is the same and you can always do it yourself.
So for this one is going to be, I think, settings table.
They would go and instead of get favorites, this is going to be get.
Units, this flow list of units, objects, again, make sure we don't get the in, we get our unit
here, so you can see that is our model class.
That's very important.
And then I'm just going to copy and added here again, because it's very the same thing, really.
And.
And it's not, you know, Caitlin is going to be unit again.
Be very careful, we get the correct unit.
While I'm here, let's just get everything, really, that's fine.
Again, make sure not to coddling units, our unit.
That's what happened when you and copy and paste.
OK, so insert unit data unit, get units, let's get delete.
All units.
OK, that's very simple.
And if we want to delete one unit, we can do so as well.
OK, I think that's enough for us.
It's going to be units, our type units like this.
OK, so we add Vladimir, whether weather now.
Very good.
Now we need to go to our repository where the repository, whether DB repository that is.
And what I'm going to do here.
I just larger for now and say we're not running anything.
I'm going to copy and get the other ones.
There we go.
I need to change because I'm copying and pasting.
I'm sure you get the right unit, right?
I see.
We're not going to use that update, right?
That's OK.
Can you do that in a way?
And the unit?
OK, delete all units.
It or anything like that?
OK, that's fine.
Again, I'm copying and pasting, you're not explaining much because if you have been following us,
this is not, you know, something new.
We've done this before and you can just go back to the previous videos if you are not remembering what
it was doing.
Next thing we need to create a Settings review model, right?
So you can do in class
settings, do you model?
So again, it's going to be exactly the same as favorite settings, right?
Or if you moderately should say, I'm sure this units are actually all units first or unit.
OK.
Sometimes the.
OK, that's fine if he wants to do that.
I'm just going to add all those units that way.
We don't run into issues in this quarantine here.
It's sort of a repository, not get units.
Extinct until changed.
Collect there we go now.
It's showing.
All right, so now I'm going to just get all of that code so we don't have to.
Go through the same thing.
At least four units.
And make sure, yes, this unit here again is probably getting she should have probably named something
differently, something different instead of a unit.
OK.
It has changed our unit and life should be good.
It looks like now I don't have to pass all of that redundant junk.
All right.
So just a few things that we have to change here and there.
But again, as you see here, really, I don't need to explain everything again because everything is
looking the same because everything is the same thing that we did with our favorite repository.
OK, so we're just mirroring the same thing.
All right.
So in this case, now we go to a settings screen
and instead of just passing the controller now we can also pass our Settings View model.
And I'm going to say it's going to be a Hilt V model such.
And let's make this a scaffold.
A top bar.
OK.
All right, so we've created our Settings View model and part of our Settings screen.
All right.
So we'll come back to that.
This feed is getting a little bit too long, but there we go.
So at this point, let's go ahead and run.
Of course, we are going to see really anything new, but we want to make sure that nothing breaks,
because that's that's very important.
And the next video we are going to tackle the settings screen so that hopefully it looks something like
this.
It's very simple.
We can do that.
Let's run first.
OK, so everything's still looking good.
All right.
You can see now because we griped because we wiped out the database.
Now we don't have anything in our favorites, which is fine.
We just testing things around anyway.
So now we can save again.
San Diego added to favorites go to favorites, should see San Diego, click on San Diego, get San Diego
again.
All right, so very good.
Nothing broke.
The database just went and wiped itself out because we changed the versioning to say that we added something
new.
That's fine.
Forget everything is good.
So we were ready then to look at the settings screen to make it so that it looks like this, and then
we can save the settings so we can change the the measurement right of measurements.
Celsius or Fahrenheit.